c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGridMvc.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.pdb
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGridMvc.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.dll
G:\Gym\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.pdb
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll.config
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.pdb
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGridMvc.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.dll
C:\Users\sunid\Desktop\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.pdb
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll.config
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\GymManagement.pdb
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\WebGridMvc.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.dll
D:\EDUCATION\asp.netfile\42thClass\GymManagement\GymManagement\obj\Debug\GymManagement.pdb
